support using task-file when need task-name (#257) (#258)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/manage-replication-tasks.md

This section describes the basic use of dmctl commands in the interactive mode.

> **Note:**
>

> > The interactive mode does not support Bash features. For example, you need to directly pass string flags instead of passing them in quotation marks.

Reviewer: seems coders casually say "quotes" instead of "quotation marks"

Reviewer 2: @lance6716 Updated. Thanks~

> > The interactive mode does not support Bash features. For example, you need to directly pass string flags instead of passing them in quotation marks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The interactive mode does not support Bash features. For example, you need to directly pass string flags instead of passing them in quotes.
```
